I keep tapping the screen to, like, make sure it doesn't go to sleep and it keeps
hardening it on Twitter.
I don't know if you've seen this.
And so people are going to think I'm just really obsessed with us.
I just love us so much.
But it doesn't show who said it.
It just says it was hard.
So we should just keep just keep doing that.
Look at that.
Oh my God.
We're beloved.
We are beloved.
What are we streaming on Twitch?
No, I put it on Twitter.
I remember to, like, did you turn on chat?
Yes.
That was critical.
And I remember now critical.
Does this work on web or is this, like, purely a mobile thing?
I actually just just going to the web to see.
I was going to check.
I have some, like, weird Twitter extension that, like, hides most of the UI.
So I can't tell.
Yeah.
So my mom watching the boys, uh, I was heading downstairs and I was like, I'm
going to go and record a podcast.
She's like, Oh, what's your podcast about?
And I was like, I was like, well, we don't, uh, we just talk.
She's like, Oh, that's so neat.
Like, she's going to listen to now.
Mom's always listening.
Maybe no matter how irrelevant it is.
Yeah, I know.
I actually thought she already did, if I'm being honest.
So I was a little, I was a little mama or I was a little hurt, but it's okay.
Uh, why is this so dark where you are?
I got brighter and you got darker.
Did I get darker?
There's no purple light behind you or something.
Oh, you're super villain.
Globe is off.
I don't know.
It looks kind of dull.
I don't know what's going on.
It's on.
It looks like I got to look into it.
I got to debug it.
Well, it could be my screen brightness too.
Who knows?
Everything I just like literally had to sweep cobwebs off of my teleprompter.
There's like this whole room has been abandoned for the holidays.
Isn't my first day getting back into into things?
I've like, I've just been in that weird phase where I'm like, not technically.
I didn't like technically take a break for the holidays, but yeah, kind of did.
So everything just kind of nice right now.
Yeah, same.
OK, I found you on Twitter.
You are actually streaming.
I also don't see the purple light on Twitter.
I'm just going to throw that out there.
I miss your purple light, but it's OK.
I'll bring it back.
Don't worry.
OK, Google turned on taxes.
Oh, we got stuff to talk about today.
We actually do have.
I could have told my mom.
Well, actually, mom, we're going to talk about home labs and hardware and stuff like that.
Yeah.
So we were talking about this.
I think it's been talking about this for a couple of months because you just
did a home lab setup. Do you want to talk a little bit about that?
I did.
Twitter is saying that your sound is not working because of Linux.
They specifically said Linux and I said, listen, it's just probably an honest.
I'm just not used to turning all.
I'm just not using going through all the checks.
It's working now.
Like they can hear you know.
Yeah, no, same feeling.
I feel like I'm forgetting to click so many buttons right now.
We have other stuff to talk about with the home lab stuff will be interesting.
Is there any news before like anything going on right now? It's being topical.
So no, I feel like nothing's happened.
It's funny because so much of my emotions are tied to our business metrics.
So they just check constantly to get a feel for things.
And then obviously this past week, there's a reasonable explanation for it.
Like, of course, who's going to sign up for a SaaS product?
Yeah, the week between Christmas and New Year's.
Yeah, but it still feels bad because all the numbers are down.
I hate it.
I hate the holidays.
I really do.
It feels like we're making no progress.
I'm just so much of my, yeah, it's being excited to wake up every morning.
It's tied to work stuff and when like it's just so dead right now.
Yeah, it's just nothing to look forward to.
But it's January got that January boost of motivation.
Are you feeling it?
I'm feeling it.
Am I feeling it?
Oh, you're not feeling it.
I don't think I've ever been someone that does like the, OK, it's like a new year
that's like reset or like, you know, yeah, it doesn't feel that way.
It's never really felt that way with to me.
I used to feel like bad about doing the cliche things in January.
I literally went for a run yesterday morning, like no joke, January 1st as cliche as that
could be.
I used to feel bad about now.
I just lean into it.
It's like, I'm going to get this boost of energy for the first couple of months of the
year.
I've got to take advantage of it.
Like I'm going to do stuff and then I'm going to fall out of all the good habits and
whatever.
But yeah, no, I definitely agree with that.
Like you have to do things that give you temporary productivity boost even if they don't last
because it just, it just is helpful, like changing up your setup, like, yeah, like reworking
how your computer works.
Like that gives you like a temporary boost for a month.
That's useful.
And then you do it again.
Six months.
So yeah, Liz's family has maybe like a lot in tradition.
You come up with 12 things you want to come true.
And then you eat the 12 grapes that represent each thing and then you reflect on it the next
year.
Yeah, nothing like crazy.
Like everyone kind of allowed to do some form of this.
This year we decided to just put one thing down for each of us.
Oh, nice.
I'm a little lower.
Yeah.
And right down on a piece of paper that survives the channel that we put it in.
Okay.
Yeah.
Like the crazy annoying people we are.
Yeah, but there was one that I put down last year that was like have full control over
Zuko off leash.
And this one, this one's interesting because a year ago, he was like crazy, crazy, well-trained
off leash.
And we'd go everywhere and like it was like, oh, I'm going to have a dog that's like totally
can be totally off leash.
But a couple of months after that, like when he became like more mature, he just started
having problems with like like 10% of other dogs.
And it's like, oh, life is completely changed in terms of like how we do stuff with him.
Like we do stuff away from other dogs now.
He used to go to the dog park every single day for two hours back then.
So seeing that, I was like, I was like, I had this vision that I thought was going to
happen.
And I was reminded that like, oh, that was like completely wrong.
And my expectations had to change and I didn't like that.
So I was like, okay, I don't know if I like this.
Yeah.
And he said that I laughed because I've seen the delivery people coming to your door and
those videos.
Oh, Zuko came out and tear his eyes with people.
But that one is.
Yeah.
I mean, he is protective of the house.
That's a.
As he should be.
That's the whole point.
Very useful.
But it's just, yeah, just funny because there's always funny situations with delivery people.
We have in the instructions always, we're like, leave it by the gate, like you come into
the house.
Mm hmm.
But yeah, UPS drivers, FedEx drivers, like they're always like, they, they, they, they
take two steps in and they see him because he does his thing.
We're like flies out the front door, like, like Superman style.
Yeah.
Cause my friend was really open.
That's terrifying.
And then you just see them like run back and like shut the gate and they must deal with
this all the time.
Oh, yeah.
I would think so.
Weird part of the job.
I know where you live now.
Kind of.
Close to the water.
Sorry.
Is that doggy too much?
No, no, no.
I mean, okay.
Close to the water in Miami.
There's a lot of places.
Close to the water.
Yeah.
You were, you're coming down for a tournament.
I'm trying to decide.
So yeah, I don't want to go into like my health or Jiu Jitsu too much again because I just,
I feel like that's all I ever talk about.
But I was thinking about taking some time off because my knee is still really swollen.
Oh, yeah.
I almost died again.
Just give a little quick, ended up in the ER on Chris received and had a leg infection.
It was probably more serious, but there was no pains that we didn't see it didn't like
feel that serious.
But it's still swollen.
The infections mostly gone down.
Yeah, I just thought maybe I do need to take some time off.
So that's that tournament would be between two big tournaments that I'm doing.
Oh, I see.
I got one in a couple weeks.
So we'll see.
Yeah.
The thing that was confusing about that is that was a purely internal injury and then it
got infected.
Yeah.
So it's called.
I didn't know we had these in the human body, bursa sacks.
Yeah.
It just sounds crazy.
Okay.
So like a little fluid, they just like cushion your joints, you have in your knee and I guess
I burst one and it can get infected when that fluid from the bursa sack.
It was like life threatening technically and it didn't really hurt and it seems so like
casual.
Yeah.
And then last time I was in there, I was in so much pain and it probably wasn't that
big a deal.
So it was very different experience.
This time I had to wait in the waiting room for like three and a half hours.
Last time they took me straight back because I was like, I felt like I was going to die
and that was clearly a lot of pain.
So different experience is probably more serious.
Yes.
Sepsis is no joke.
If it gets in your bloodstream.
Yeah.
Anyway, almost died.
I'm here.
I made it to the new year.
Yeah.
But you know how we're saying like maybe the podcast won't come back like it wasn't crazy
about his wife.
If I would have died.
Yeah.
Did we record before that one though?
I think we recorded that.
Yeah, we did.
And I would have been like your, you know, how they publish.
Yeah, they publish like one famous musician's die.
They publish like what's it called?
A posthumous or what a posthumous and I said that word.
Yeah.
It would have been like that.
I'm sure our last episode would have been a great lasting legacy.
What did we talk about?
We're still again.
We're still.
Yeah.
That's what I want to talk about when I die.
Oh, it's a homelabs.
Let's talk about homelabs.
It's just stuff that's different.
Yeah.
So you just did a homelab setup.
I did.
In fact, I had like eight tabs open for months in my Chrome browser.
Like I literally like started looking at this a long time ago.
And it was like I never wanted to touch those tabs because I knew there was all this important
information.
I mean, that's relatable right.
We all do that.
So I had all these like homelabs.
I don't do that at all.
I keep tabs around.
Okay.
Awesome.
Wait.
Oh, you don't because you're on Linux and you just like window manager and do all your
no, I just, I just hate.
Okay.
Here's my issue.
I like when I have a bunch of tabs open, I can't find the tabs I care about.
So I like nuke all my tabs like every hour.
Oh, like an app that does it for you?
No, like I just like click on it.
You just go through it.
Yeah.
The mall.
I don't get the keeping the tabs around.
Like how do you find?
I don't know.
I'm a hoarder.
I have like hoarding tendencies.
I need like a lot of people talk about keeping tabs around, but my issue is, okay, there's
like, let's say you have like a hundred tabs open, uh, 90 of those tabs are not irrelevant
day to day, but there's 10 that are like GitHub or like, whatever you're doing.
Isn't it annoying?
Just to understand the problem.
Oh, no, it is.
Yeah.
And like as I start finally closing them, I'll be like, why did I think I was going to open
this tab again?
Like, I think it's more just laziness.
I don't even like, I'm not hanging on to all of them.
I just forget to close them and I just open a tab.
It's so weird to me.
It's so frustrating when I have more than like five tabs open.
Okay.
Well, I had a bunch of tabs for my home lab and I finally, uh, well, it was the theater.
We did the home theater and I needed some solutions to some problems and my home theater set up
and a home lab was part of that solution.
So I did like, I mean, I already had some network storage.
Yeah.
Uh, so I have like a Synology network storage thing and, and maybe you're going to tell
me like this is bad.
And like the more I read about stuff on the internet about home labs, like I guess, NAS
devices are really slow and terrible for like using as a home server, but I basically just
installed everything on my Synology.
Yeah.
So I've got like all the different stuff now running in Docker containers on Synology,
which sounds like it would be really slow, but it hasn't been an issue.
Yeah.
I mean, it just, it's just like for what you're doing, you don't need like the pinnacle performance.
If you already had the NAS, it's just like why not, um, for people that don't know what
a home lab is.
I'm realizing like, oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It didn't do you have a bunch of servers in your house and you have, you know, it's like,
I took a lab.
You can like toy, toy around with stuff, uh, I think a lot of people use it for media.
My personal experience with home labs goes way back.
And I think I've shared with this before, uh, because my dad at one point was experimenting
with Hadoop when Hadoop first came out and I don't really understand why this was his
process, but he was like, okay, actually now thinking back, I forget that, like, you know,
it's easy to forget your parents are like normal people just like you.
Yeah.
I'm like, it's all time.
Like why did he, he, so he bought like a rack, uh, it was maybe I think eight servers and
put it in our basement.
How do I get an electrician come in and like have that expensive plug for the, uh, the
UPS, um, and he like, use it for three months.
And he was like, okay, it's, it's years now, like we've prototyped on anything that was
using it for work.
Now looking back, I'm like, Oh yeah, of course.
I would take any excuse to buy a rack of servers and he probably got his work to pay for
her or something.
Yeah.
But in the moment it felt so excessive, but I'm like, oh, he's just like a person just
like me.
Like, of course.
Yeah.
I'm going to do something excessive like that.
Um, but he gave them to me and he only, like, like I said, you only use them for three
or six months and that's when I learned like head and minister servers and like manage
a cluster of it.
I've always liked it.
Like I learned so much for a minute.
It's just convenient to have that there.
Yeah.
And they're actually still in there in the basement and I'm sure they still work and
these are probably from 2008 or nine, uh, whenever Hadoop was first coming out.
Yeah.
Uh, so yeah, I miss that and I'm like, I want some of that again.
So I was like looking back into what type of stuff I can get now and how it, how it
differs.
It actually hasn't changed much.
It's like still just racks and servers.
So do you have like a, like a standard server rack in your closet?
I've got two.
Yeah.
So I've got, uh, a rack in my office closet, which fun fact that's where my fiber terminates
fiber.
So I know, uh, so I've got a big rack there.
It's got a bunch of like unified network equipment.
Nice.
Do you have something besides the switch?
Yes.
I'm trying to remember what I have in there.
So there's the dream machine pro is like the router, I guess, like the brain of the whole
thing.
And then I have a big, yeah, big, uh, unified switch.
And then there's a unified RPS like backup power thing.
Okay.
Uh, there's something else.
There's another silver box in there.
What does it do?
Uh, no, that might be it.
And then, yeah, and then my Synology and then fans and power.
I don't know.
It's a pretty tall rack.
There's not that much going on in it.
Yeah.
In the middle of it's pretty open.
Uh, yeah.
And then all my other stuff is in.
So just off the theater, there's some unfinished space.
I've got a small like half rack in there that's got amps and that kind of stuff.
Yeah.
Surround processors and all that.
Wait, your amp fits in a server rack.
It does.
Are they like the same specs in terms of like the size or do you get like rails that like
make it sit in there?
Uh, so there's just little like ears that screw on the side, but it basically is shaped
as if it were made to fit in a rack.
Yeah.
So I'm thinking about getting a half rack, uh, just to put in so my desk is way too big.
I need to get a new desk that's like less aggressive.
I do like having like a massive desk area, but it's just not a good use of space because
I ended up putting like bullshit on it, like stuff that I just put away in the quick passes.
Uh, so I'm going to like lower the space a little bit, like a smaller desk and put a
half rack.
Oh, like under your desk or just like you're off the, they're like a little bit behind
it.
Yeah.
It's a little bit of space.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah.
So here's what I want.
And I haven't figured out how to make this exactly happen.
One, I want media stuff because I don't want media stuff is like, uh, not hosted locally.
That's the kind of thing you did.
So I want a lot of storage.
Uh, but I also have this dream of like doing all my work SSH into a server, but that way
when I'm like on the go, it's like the same sessions and everything and I'm not like sinking
stuff to places.
Oh, interesting.
Um, but here's my struggle.
So a very easy way to do this is at least for like the storage part.
Uh, you just go to, I mean, probably not an option for you, but if you're in, if you're
in a city, like there's just a ton of refurbished server equipment, like everywhere.
Oh, really?
So I can get like a pretty like powerful server for just media stuff, you can handle that
really well.
And for not too expensive, like loaded with hard drives, whatever, and it's effectively
got similar to like a Nazi by, yeah, off the shelf, uh, but server CPUs are slow.
Like, yeah, they just know they're not optimized for like high clocks.
They're optimized for like, uh, the ECC ram and all that stuff that I don't really care
about.
So they wouldn't be great for like software development workflows.
Yeah.
Because at the end of the day, uh, unfortunately, most of our software stuff because we're in
the JavaScript TypeScript world is all single threaded, like your, the things that end up
being slow on your computer, like building your front end with a Vte or, uh, your language
server for TypeScript, the stuff that kind of gets slow and annoying, uh, those are all
single threaded.
So the server or CPU that I get will have a ton of cores, but it just won't be fast enough.
And I'm trying to figure out like, how do I get?
Okay.
So instead of doing that, like should I just get a high end desktop CPU and like put it
in a, in a sort of configuration, but as a thing I was telling you this morning where I'm like,
I like the idea of building computers and I've always done that because they're upgradable.
But in practice, I like rarely ever get to do this because, yeah, uh, my current CPU is
an AMD 3900X, which came out, I don't know, I think like 2017 or something has been a
while and it's due for an upgrade, but the socket is like totally different now.
So if I'm doing an upgrade, I have to replace pretty much everything in there.
The whole motherboard and everything.
Yeah.
So it's not really an upgrade.
And I actually don't, it's not, for me, it's not really a good cost thing.
Like I derive so much value from this stuff that I'm mind spending on it.
It's just, I don't immediately know what to do with the old stuff.
Yeah.
And it just pops up.
And I know somebody could use it and it feels really wasteful and bad.
And I just like, I was very lost about all this stuff.
Yeah.
You should just buy max.
But even then, like what do you do with old and bad?
They're so great.
Oh, that's a great question.
When I went from my Mac mini to my Mac studio, I left my Mac mini attached under my desk
and it's just sitting there doing nothing.
Exactly.
I just remembered that.
It's still there.
It's just there.
And then let's say you upgrade because now, now there's like the M3 or whatever.
Yeah.
Let's say you want to go for that.
What are you going to do with your studio now?
I don't know.
Maybe I'll send it to someone who needs it.
Maybe I'll do a giveaway.
Yeah.
That's generally what I do.
And I gave a wait, so I used to have this funny thing where when I used to travel between
Miami and New York, I had half a PC that I would keep in Miami, which was like all the
parts except for the graphics card in the RAM because it was expensive and easy to travel
with.
Does it just carry them back and forth and plug it in?
But now that I live your full time, I'm like, I have a computer left.
So I found someone to give that away to, yeah, in Miami, but it's just like, I have to look
into this more because I just have a ton of electronics that I know that someone who knows
what they're doing can like extract the value out of and like put it in the right place.
And I have seen some recycling companies here.
I just haven't had to talk to them yet, but I have so much stuff and it just feels bad
when it piles up.
It does feel bad.
No, I feel you.
Why do you?
So I'm just thinking about the server thing like getting a PC, but running it as a server.
Why not just having a desktop PC like you do and doing like an external network thing?
Yeah.
I use tail scale.
I use tail scale too.
Yeah.
Okay.
So can you just like SSH into your like when you're traveling from your laptop?
Yeah.
Is that just work?
That actually is what I do right now.
Okay.
But yeah, for me, it's more around this like I want it like my CPU right now is too slow
for the work that I do, like I need to upgrade it.
So I'm trying to forget.
I'm more trying to figure out the scripts.
It's hard. I know, but it's really it's thick.
It's heavy.
I see.
I just crazy how much hard work power is running down the screen.
It's just the types of blamest over the end of the day.
It's really just that.
And if anyone in the world is willing to take on that task of fixing it, I mean, Donnie.
He is right.
He's just maybe burn out, but he was I feel like that.
I feel like like ruined his life and killed his soul.
Yeah, he just drained him of all anymore.
What about JS doc or whatever it's called?
That's just using the TypeScript.
They're running.
Oh, it is.
What's the thing that that's felt code-based it?
Yeah.
That's that's using.
So use this TypeScript.
People call it JS doc, but it's actually TS doc because a lot of the syntax it uses like
is just TypeScript syntax.
So you need that it's all built up on top of that gigantic TypeScript file.
Interesting.
I thought this was like to get away from the big TypeScript compiler thing.
Well, it gets you away from having a build step.
Okay.
Well, and I'm not I'm not like complaining about building my JavaScript, I don't do that that
often, but it's more that the language server.
Yeah, just the editor experience.
Yeah.
And this is my fault because I go really overboard with types and stuff and I just put myself
into.
Oh, yeah.
You're good at TypeScript.
You don't just yeah, you don't do what I do, which is just use whatever other people
make.
Yeah.
Well, if you're like building a library, you just have to.
And it's just yeah.
But it's just fast on the M threes, just fast on the M. Oh, in three.
Yeah.
I just saw that that I you got you said something about Apple and I end up open the Apple store
because I wanted to know if the vision pro is available yet.
It's not.
But then I saw the M three and the MacBook Pros, I was like, do I have an M three?
I just got my MacBook Pro.
I don't even know.
And that's not like me.
But before I say this, don't say anything else, I'm going to forget.
Don't let me get off this podcast episode without asking for a laundry list of things
I need from you because I have a list and I'm going to do it publicly just to put more
pressure on.
Okay.
We can keep going.
Oh, my idea.
What you mean by that?
But I'm looking for it.
I have things I need from you and I just thought I would ask for them here in this format.
It's better than sending DMS.
Nice.
I'm going to probably already ask for them on DMS, but back to the home lab.
So yeah, I'm from trying to figure this out.
And I, yeah, it's just, I don't, I maybe what I want is impossible.
So for a while I was trying to like rent servers that were in Miami.
So like very little in see how that way someone else deals with upgrades, right?
Like they figure out.
Yeah.
This is old.
I'm sure they find a way to like reuse it in another way.
And I can just, okay, it's into this one, but like, I don't know, just in and up sticking.
So you actually rent like a specific sort of like, you could go visit it if you wanted
to.
Yeah.
Well, it's a, I found this one hosting company where you just like pick how many cores you
want.
And like they, um, they do pay per court.
Mm hmm.
And I don't need it.
Like I said, I don't need a lot of core.
I just need a few really fast ones.
So I had like a six core thing and that was like reasonably priced, of course it'd be
cheaper if I bought it and like hosted myself like after a year and a half, you break even
or something.
But again, it's the upgrades that.
Yeah.
That kill me.
And I'm like, what is the future of all this?
You don't know.
The cloud.
Right.
I don't know.
Maybe.
I wanted to be but I just, it just is not sticking.
Yeah. If you ever used any of the like cloud IDEs, it just feels so stack religious to me
to not configure my own like machine to run my own tools, just like open up a browser
window and be like, there it is.
Yeah.
There's my stuff.
I can't either.
It's just slow.
Like at the end of the day, it's just slow.
Is it slow?
I haven't even tried.
Yeah.
So I think when I was figuring out the server set up the one I'm renting currently, I was
trying out all different options.
Like I even tried like the Amazon to workspaces thing.
Oh, yeah.
That is so slow.
So, so, so, so slow.
Is it?
Let's just look at that.
Like slow to boot into a workspace.
Is that what I'm just clicking and the latency and everything.
Oh, everything.
I got you.
Yeah.
I've also ruined my own life because I spent so much time like one inch from my screen,
like clicking around linear and like observing all the interactions and how long they take.
And now I can just perceive like the smallest delay.
You're so much more sensitive to it.
Yeah.
I just can't enjoy anything.
I can enjoy like two apps and everything else feels slow.
That's why I'm always complaining to everyone on Twitter all the time because I want your
apps to be faster because I use your apps and I hate them because I can see all this
little, all these little delays and stuff.
So local first bad for your health.
Yeah.
It's not a good idea.
Don't study it as hard as I did.
Yeah.
But you're happy with your setup then?
I'm happy with it.
Yeah.
I'm running a ton of stuff, but I'm starting to think like we would not have any overlap
with what we use our home lab for.
Like you just want to do software Devlin.
No, no.
I have media stuff too.
Oh, you do the media stuff too.
Yeah, right.
So right now, because right now that's remote hosted and I want it, want it local just vague
media stuff is as specific as we're going to get filming a lot more stuff.
On my iPhone with the with the ProRes and the, oh, yeah.
Yeah.
So I want to like use that as a comedian.
So take up a lot of space.
I've heard about this.
Yeah.
It's pretty big.
I feel like it's not necessary though.
They have like a few options.
They have ProRes and like HEVC and HEVC is like so much smaller and I cannot tell the
difference.
Like it looks so good.
Yeah.
Both of them.
Well, it isn't the advantage like ProRes when you're editing with certain tools is just
a lot faster from like an editor standpoint.
Oh, is it?
I think so.
That was the draw that I remember my videographer roommate from college told me like, if you
shoot everything in ProRes, then when you put it into, I don't remember which tool.
I think premiere, but I want to, I guess the Apple with it was the Apple added final cut.
Yeah.
It's just a lot faster to edit.
ProRes files versus like from press stuff.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
Well, so that's what I want to.
I bought, I went super deep into like using your iPhone as like what's a crazy setup you
can get with an iPhone 15 camera because it is quite crazy.
And we, we all saw that Apple event where they filmed the whole thing on iPhone.
Yeah.
Really impressive.
Obviously they had like the best lighting people in the world work on it, but even so
pretty impressive.
And yet it's a whole world.
They sell these like they're called cages like you can put your, it's like a case basically,
but like you can attach all this stuff and it has like these two handles to like hold
it steady and stuff.
But I bought a one terabyte SSD so I can just record a ton to it.
They even have like these nice shotgun mics that you can attach to it that look really
good.
From your iPhone.
How do you?
Is it plug into?
Oh, USB C.
Look at, so the setup, it's so crazy like the setups that people have because they attach
so many accessories to it and just becomes like a super high end setup.
Yeah.
They get it.
They get like a USB C hub and they plug in a mic to it.
It plug in.
Oh, wow.
The hard drive to it.
They even put it.
Yeah.
It's a pretty crazy what people do.
I've gone too.
I've gone too deep like you with the local first I've gone too deep into camera stuff.
Right.
It just seems like it could never be as good.
Probably not.
Like when you say a mic in USB C, I'm like, how could it not know?
It's not XLR.
Get out.
But like, what do I know?
Okay.
Also for the mic I have, I'm using the tentacle.
So that's completely separate.
The one that was one of you recommended to me.
Yeah.
This one right here.
That was probably a bad recommendation.
But yeah.
No, it's good for.
It's not good for streaming is what we've discussed.
This isn't meant for streaming.
Yeah.
Just for recording.
But here's actually why I like this setup.
So one, I feel like with my research, you can't beat this setup unless you go for like
a three thousand plus dollar camera.
I think that's like when you start to really be able to tell.
Yeah.
But this is so versatile.
Like I don't, like I'm to like, it's like so easy for me to carry around.
It's like can shift to a bunch of situations.
Yeah.
While you're recording, you get a phone call from your mom.
That's awesome.
What could go wrong?
My mom doesn't call me versatile.
Oh, well, I'm sorry.
I don't know, I just like, I like the portability.
I like that I already have this phone and I'm like, cause you know, phones are so expensive
and I want to feel like I'm like getting the value out of it.
So doing this helps me feel that way.
Well, yeah.
So that's another reason why I wanted the home lab so I can store, I can dump stuff there
and I get it on my computer.
Yeah.
I'm running.
I just pulled up like all the containers that are running on my home lab so I could remember
what I'm doing.
I couldn't remember anything outside the media, but like the home assistant stuff and home
bridge.
Oh, I have home assistant too.
Yeah.
Do you use home bridge?
That's for the apple.
That's for the apple kit stuff.
Okay.
Here's what I love about the home assistant.
I don't have to worry about any of that stuff because oh wait, you don't have the you didn't
buy the actual home assistant device to do.
Oh, no, no, I'm just running it on my, my ass.
Okay.
So the physical hardware, it's not very expensive and it's great because it has every possible
radio that you need like the Z wave.
Oh, it actually has all of it.
So you don't have to worry about the crazy mess that is like the IOT space.
You just add any device and it just works.
Interesting.
Okay.
So they'll use the right protocol for whatever.
The reason I went in the home, home bridge route is that I wanted to set up some shortcuts
on iOS and that requires it working with home kit.
Yeah.
And home turns out nothing works with home kit.
So you need home bridge, which is like the home assistant equivalent for Apple, I think.
Right.
It's like an open source.
Yeah.
It's such a mess though.
I know.
Like trying to get, I've spent so many hours now trying to get a few things that we can't
get our shades.
Like I just, I want to just have an easy life where when I take my phone off the charger
in the morning, things happen.
And it turns out that's it can't happen 24 because home kit or sorry, home assistance
automation stuff is very good.
I feel like I can control anything.
Home assistant.
Well, if I could trigger a home assistant thing from like actions related to my phone, like
my location.
Oh, I can.
Yeah.
Because your, your phone shows up as a device and home assistant and your phone has quote
unquote sensors.
So like, there's like a Boolean sensor for whether it's charging or not.
So you can have an automation that's like, are you kidding me, if it goes from charging
to not charging within these hours, like trigger these things.
Like that's why home assistant's trying to do all this with a shortcuts thing in iOS,
just assuming they had some advantage, they could do stuff in there.
But no, this is exactly why I moved also because the, the Google home equivalent, like they
have these like automations things.
And it's just so like, it just can't do anything complicated.
It's like way too basic.
Yeah.
So I entirely ejected out of that.
And what's great about home assistant is, um, you can still like, so you like add all
your devices, a home assistant, the home assistant knows about every single time.
So really, my car is in there, like it knows like, wow, the state of my car has status.
Yeah.
Stuff from your car.
And then you can expose those to all these like Apple, iOS, cool home ecosystems where
like they see, they think they're directly connected to these devices, but they're not
because home assistant is the one that's, it's like a proxy.
Okay.
I need to get better at this.
Yeah.
Better home assistant.
And, and then you just have all your automations in, in home assistant and yeah, we have like,
we have a couple of funny ones.
I have one that alerts us if we leave the house and both of our bedroom and Liz's office
doors are closed.
The reason we need to alert is if we leave them closed, we probably I sound like trapped
from the cats in there.
Oh, the cat.
And if that happens long enough, we're going to come back to a poop in our bed.
So, oh, no, critical, critical.
Oh, it's funny.
I do.
I guess I do have some set up, like when I, but I'm not using homelessness.
I got to do the home assistant thing.
But when I like put my phone down on my charger at night and I'm at home, it does like the
four things I always have to do every night is like turn on the alarm because we used to
have the alarm like at a certain time, but then it's like our bed change, our schedule
changes.
And it's like, so I just have it turns on the alarm and turns on the sound machine, puts
it in sleep mode, all that kind of stuff.
It's really nice to not have that mental overhead of like checklist things.
I got to go through.
Yeah.
So I definitely recommend buying the home assistant yellow hardware.
Just like a little bit like finally gets you out of this mess of like, is this compatible
with this?
And is that compatible with that?
Would it work from like a basement corner of the house?
Yeah.
Would it connect to stuff?
Well, because it's all, it's all mesh, right?
So as long as you can reach one device, you can reach all of them.
Okay.
Yeah.
And you can put it anywhere.
It doesn't have to be near all your other stuff because it's not like high bandwidth or
anything.
It doesn't have to be hardwired.
Right.
Yeah.
It can be all Wi-Fi.
Okay.
There's like plug in your office somewhere and probably be fine.
All right.
I can't wait to get rid of home bridge forever because it's awful.
So bad.
It's stuff is complicated.
Okay.
I have things I need from you.
I'm just going to, I'm going to lay my eye here.
Uh, one, when, when is the day of this stuff going to get good?
AWS released the data data.
Yeah.
Data.
What's it called?
Data API.
For serverless V2.
The deprecated Aurora serverless V1 or they're like force upgrading everyone in a year or something
or a couple months.
I forgot what it was.
Yeah.
When can I expect this to make it into the SST construct or what would be a new construct?
It's going to be a new construct.
So we are trying to figure out a name this stuff moving forward.
I think we're going to have like an SST dot MySQL and an SST dot Postgres is a great
amount.
Okay.
I think there's enough differences between the two that it makes sense.
Uh, and we realized like going with like recognizable names is much better than doing
it.
Not RDS.
Yeah.
What is an RDS?
So we are, yeah, we are looking into that.
Uh, it only supports Postgres right now.
I think the data API B2.
They said they were going to fast fall with MySQL.
Yeah.
And then you guys are using Postgres.
Correct.
Yes.
Yeah.
Cool.
And we're using serverless V2.
So we could start using, we could swap out our RDS proxy with, uh, the data.
Yeah.
It's nice that the RDS proxy is no longer a thing or has to be a thing.
That is great.
I'm excited for the setup.
We need to figure out though, what we recommend for like dev environments and stuff because
the V2 doesn't scale to zero.
Yeah.
Right.
And I think the minimum ends up being like 60 bucks.
So just local.
Well, there's like PR, ER environments and stuff.
Like a lot of people use that workflow and the extent of like PR environments.
Yeah.
Dozens of feature branch stuff.
Hmm.
Yeah.
I don't really care about scale to zero anywhere except for that use case like that.
For that.
Yeah, it does matter.
So we might like, we should have like a good set of where maybe you can just have one and
you can like create a database per feature branch or something.
Okay.
So no time commitment.
You're just going to, you're going to vaguely, you're not going to recommend that.
This is, this is probably like competing with ION, isn't it?
Like you got ION.
It's going to be an ION.
I don't think it's going to be in SST.
Okay.
It's not going to be in.
So I'll be on ION when I get to take advantage of all that stuff.
Yeah.
I guess I could like probably hack my way around and start using it.
You can put, yeah, I can use it directly because we don't, to be honest, we don't do much on
top.
Yeah, that can, that contracts probably pretty light.
We actually know we used to have to hang on.
What do we do?
So I think that the setup we do is we make sure that a pass turned on, we create its
own VPC because most people don't have a VPC at all outside of this.
But that's the case for you already have one.
So we already have one.
I don't know if we would be doing much for you there.
Yeah.
I might just do it manually or something.
We'll see.
Okay.
Other thing I need is the secret professor.
When is that?
Tell me, tell Adam he'll have it before 2024 and it's 2024.
It's 2024.
I don't have it.
But maybe he did put it in release and I just haven't updated it.
It's possible.
It's like basically done forever.
I don't know why it hasn't come out, but yeah, I know that like saves you guys a ton
of money.
So it is a priority.
Yeah.
I realized I could have done this after the podcast, but I miss you to Bertrand.
I don't even care if this is the podcast and I'm talking to people on stream.
I don't stream anymore, so I have to do this.
I mean, I'm my stream.
I'm not saying I'm never going to.
No, I did dream yesterday.
We were recording our podcast, but it was four of us.
Ken Wheeler was one of them.
I don't remember who the fourth one was.
I remember we were like laughing a lot and it seemed really good and I was sad.
I mean, four people sounds chaotic.
Yeah.
But somehow it was like fine.
It was what it worked.
Yeah.
I don't think it would work in real life, but in my dream, it worked.
You know, I've had this that just brings up some insecurities of mine that I have to
just get on the open.
I've had this feeling like the two.
I've been to like two tech conferences now, two, three, so I got three.
I don't know.
Two or three.
I went to TwitchCon.
Yeah, reinvent TwitchCon and render.
Yeah.
So I've been to some real life events and I've gotten to hang out with some friends and I
just don't feel like I have a personality like I literally don't think I have one in person.
I already felt like that online, like, I don't know.
I can't talk about anymore because I'm just insecure about it and I can't talk about
things I didn't care about.
What do you mean you don't have personality?
You have a very distinct personality.
I don't have one.
I really don't.
No.
Really?
I just don't.
Maybe it's only in very small settings.
I have a personality one on one and that's it.
But as soon as it's a group, you're just like, you know, you're just like, two or three
people.
I'm just like, okay, you guys are interesting.
I'm just going to be here hanging out.
It just sounds like you're an introvert.
Is that what it is?
Okay.
It's because I'm an introvert.
That sounds weird.
This is your personality.
Like this is like whole reaction to me saying that that's what your personality is.
You're like, wait, there's a label that fully explains everything?
Like, yeah, please, that's your personality.
Okay.
Coming out right there.
Well, I guess that doesn't come up in the group settings.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I feel pretty uncomfortable.
Like, I like being around people.
I just like people.
I feel like I generally like people and I have people close to me in my life that generally
don't like people, like given the choice between liking a person and not liking the
person.
They're probably not going to like the person by default.
I feel like by default, I just like people, even the people that other people don't like.
So it's not that.
It's something I don't want to be around people.
I love it.
But there's just something about being in a group setting.
I just feel uncomfortable.
You know what it is?
I think it's actually very simple.
It's something you need to practice.
And if you're not practice that because I feel the exact same way I've gone through periods
of my life where I've been like not in group settings for a while and then I'll go into
one and it'll just feel like I can't get like a word in or like my brain is just kind of
blank.
Yeah.
Blank.
So I think it's really just just that.
And there's been times where I've like been doing it more and I've become very comfortable
and then I stop and then I lose practice.
So I think if I think some people naturally are like very good at that stuff, but I'm
also technically an introvert, so trying to kind of lose practice and I can kind of relate
to that.
I feel like reinvent wasn't as bad because you were there and it was like there I didn't
feel a pressure to like like we could just talk and hang out and then other people would
come around and we'd be around other people and it was just easy.
Are we wearing the same color shirt?
I'm wearing a sweater.
Look at this.
I'm in Miami.
Yeah.
Is that like a maroon?
In Miami.
Is that maroon?
Yeah, it is.
So am I.
Wow.
Look at that.
Yeah, I know.
It's just we've been talking for 43 minutes and I just realized we've got the same shirt
on.
Look at that.
You've created a conversation.
I'm so good.
Okay.
Well, I don't feel any better than I did when I first brought up my insecurities, but
I'm going to take your word for it.
I can practice.
Hey, you're not practiced.
Why would you be good at that?
Yeah.
Why would I be good at that?
If you don't practice.
I practice a lot of jiu-jitsu.
I'm not good at it either.
Maybe I'm not good at it practicing.
I can't wait for React Miami, like all the things I just said aside, the part where I
hate being around groups of people and I feel very uncomfortable and I feel like I don't
have a personality and I question everything aside from all of that.
I'm so excited.
I feel like everyone's going.
I got to figure out the dates and everything.
I think they're I want to like throw like a little event like before it starts.
Oh, like a little free party.
There's this like vision in my head where like all of the weirdos from Twitter are just
like standing around my front yard.
It's like so funny that I like want to make it happen.
Please make it happen.
Because I think the way it works is I think it was an arrive on the first day.
There's nothing.
There's technically like the other conference like React Miami is embedded into a bigger
conference called e-Merge Americas.
And I think the first day that everyone's in our ride, there's not any like pure React
Miami stuff going on.
I think Germo's giving a talk at the e-Merge one.
Don't care about that.
So I'm like, oh, if people arrive early enough the first day, I can do like like a mid-afternoon
outdoor thing in my house and just invite like everyone that we know, that'd be pretty
fun.
So fun.
Miami in April, right?
It's in April.
It'll be great.
It'll be great weather.
Yeah.
So it won't be disgusting.
It's not until like May, June, right?
I think it's so gross.
Yeah.
It'll be perfect.
Oh, let's make it happen.
I'd fly in a day early.
If it needs to be a day early, I'm sure a lot of people would.
Yeah.
If I can like get it together ahead of time.
Here's my only issue.
My only issue is I only have one bathroom.
And we've never had like a large thing at our house because I don't know if it can handle
the throughput.
Yeah.
No, let's just rent some porta-potties.
Well, that's the thing.
Should I rent a porta-potty?
Is that weird?
Are there like upper class ones?
Sorry.
There are.
That sounded awful.
I figured there had to be.
There are like fancier ones, which are basically just, I think they show up in like a trailer.
A trailer.
And it's just a bathroom.
Yes.
That's just like on the back of a trailer.
It's just a bathroom on wheels.
Yeah.
I've been in one.
The other thing is, here's another option.
I'm big because right across the street from me, there is an empty lot.
The reason it's empty is the person who purchased it many years ago knocked down the house and
was planning on building two plexus on the other side of the cell.
But this person ended up being indicted for running up like a hundred million dollar real
estate fraud.
He got like a crazy place.
Whoa.
Like his massive, massive, massive, massive.
So this empty lot has just been sitting there with the court owns it and my landlord has
a key to the gate and he opens it every once in a while for we're trying to party people
can park there.
But I'm like, you can just have a party right there.
They just haven't there.
So that's like another option as well.
Just a big empty lot.
What would we, what would you put on it?
Just like just like a like part of the lawn chairs.
Yeah.
Just like a barn, you know, I mean, it depends on where they got a lot of parties.
I think I have no further questions.
I can imagine exactly what it will be like bouncy castle, like, I don't know what, what
are you?
Okay.
Those are kind of parties I've been to.
Yeah.
And it's funny that law is actually my landlord who's in his, who's 60 now, I grew up on the
house that was on that lot, like moving and he's been on the same street since then.
He's seen all the change that crazy is just like of the street in the neighborhood.
It's really insane.
I'm so curious.
He has a key.
I don't know.
He's just one of those guys that just has, has like he's been around forever.
He owns all the houses.
Yeah.
It's like our media server.
Don't ask questions.
This is vague has a key.
It's fine.
Yeah.
So I'm very excited.
And prime was also saying he wanted to do like a stream with, do you remember when he
tagged a bunch of people?
And then Oh, I do remember.
Yeah.
When you guys are all going to do your thing and then string and then the other things
behind the piece, I was proud to be fair.
I was the last one.
He tagged.
And I was like, what the hell?
Why last?
I think he wanted.
I was like, Oh, we're all going to be around for react Miami together in person and react
Miami.
We can do a nice, nice stream.
I was a really good location to do that.
And if we end up doing it, if it's like just like the 10 people, I'm so glad prime goes
to all these front end things like, why is he going to?
Otherwise we'd never see him.
I don't know.
He's not at all.
Yeah.
Well, I guess you that's funny.
So me prime Theo and one other person are going to be streaming the whole first day.
And only Theo does react.
That's awesome.
You were in your solid shirt.
Okay.
No, I do want to wear.
I have, I have an original solid JS sweater and it's I say original because I think they
don't make them anymore, limited edition, sorry, anyone that didn't grab it.
And I love it.
I think it looks great.
I think the font is great.
I love it.
It was great.
But I don't want to wear a sweatshirt in April in Miami.
Yeah.
There's not a lot of times in Miami you can wear a sweatshirt.
I mean, you're wearing one right now, but like, it's cold.
Is it?
Because it was, we, I just saw we had like the warmest December is like the fifth warmest
December ever where I live.
Yeah.
Well, it got down to 60 degrees.
Oh.
God.
You've done this before.
I literally got sick.
I'm literally sick right now because oh, yeah, you're sick.
I feel like I should have been nicer to you on this whole call and took Advil, huh?
Yeah, it was cold.
And I got sick.
60 degrees is what it takes now.
I'm sorry.
You got a cold and 60 degree of weather in Miami, the poor thing.
I've never taken Advil in my life.
I just realized like I'm an ibuprofen man, I guess.
Advil is ibuprofen.
Isn't it?
Oh, is it?
I'm pretty sure Advil is ibuprofen.
Well, then what's ibuprofen?
Sorry that you can't.
You don't get the brand new stuff.
Oh, it's good.
I can afford your fancy Advil.
Advil is just ibuprofen.
Oh.
How about that?
What do you take?
It's a generic.
Uh, I used to take just ibuprofen.
I don't know.
It's called ibuprofen.
It's like on the bottle.
It says ibuprofen.
But like, these are like a logo.
They're a pharmacy.
I don't take it anymore because I think it messes with my stomach.
Uh, yes.
Yeah.
Is that a thing?
Yeah, that's a thing for you too.
Yeah.
Not for you.
Other people, yeah, for weaker people, I actually think it's what caused, uh, my first ER is
it.
Yeah.
Cause I was taking a lot of ibuprofen.
Yes.
And I think I do not handle it well.
Yeah.
And, uh, yeah, it was like beginning of my jujitsu stuff.
So I was very sore all the time.
So I was popping Advil or sorry, ibuprofen.
That stuff is a miracle.
It works really well.
Like can you imagine?
I was talking to Elizabeth this other day that, uh, what did people do before they were
just in pain all the time?
All the time, I guess.
Yeah.
Insane.
I mean, they also died really early, right?
People just died of stuff.
Like you got the flu and you just died.
Well, if you're in pain all the time, it's kind of a relief to die.
That's true.
Also kind of permanent.
Uh, what do you think about all the people?
I feel like it's more like public than ever.
All of the like anti-aging, never going to die stuff.
People, people are on this.
Yeah.
Well, many people.
This too, because the whole Brian Johnson thing here.
I don't know why people get so upset at him because he's basically running an experiment
that's going to be very useful for the world.
He's spending $2 million a year running his experiment.
Okay.
It's, it's selfish to want to live forever, but let's be real.
We all want to.
Uh, yeah.
Sure.
And he's just really funny.
I find him hilarious.
So I do too.
I actually do.
I know a lot of people don't like him.
And I get like the things that they poke at, but like, I, I just think he's quirky and it's,
it's funny.
Yeah.
But the whole $2 million a year thing, it's like, I feel like the, the stuff they're going
to uncover over the next five years, like we all for pennies can get 80% of the benefit,
you know, like we don't have to, we don't have to measure ourselves and do all these
things once they uncover whatever they uncover about aging and health.
So I think it's really awesome.
Yeah.
Me too.
And living such a crazy extreme life to like do this.
Yeah.
It's good for the world.
Oh, yeah.
Can you imagine?
Yeah.
Like just the way everything that goes in your body, all the food you eat being so calculated,
that's not easy.
Like it's not an easy existence.
So yeah, hats off to Brian Johnson.
Yeah.
I don't hate him like everyone else.
But, uh, I also don't think, I know people poke at him, but I feel like his responses are
so good.
I feel you actually can't make fun of him because he'll just his responses just make
fun of himself even better than you just did.
So yeah.
Yeah.
I saw one the other day where they were like, uh, they were making fun of him for something
and they were like, Oh, imagine being 40 and caring about this stuff.
And then he responds going, what do you mean?
I'm 20.
I'm very legal.
It's biological.
What are you doing?
Did he like take blood from the sun?
Is that like?
There's something about that.
Yeah.
And I don't know the details.
I think it's like his response was that it's a common treatment for something and I can't
remember what it was.
Uh, but the fact that it was the sun and people like think he looks like a vampire, they just
blew it up.
Well, the thing I, I'm more curious about the logistics like, okay, if you live near each
other, how often do you need to donate, how often do you need to do whatever?
If your son decides to move away, is that like now impacting your health?
Cause they can't, can't give you his, you don't have your found much use anymore.
Yeah, I don't plan to go to those extremes, like swapping people's blood in with mine
or whatever.
I'm down to do that.
I have no problem with that.
Why not?
Okay.
Well, it just sounds like needles.
I just don't like needles.
I really don't enjoy the poking.
Yeah.
It sucks.
When exchange for eternal youth, is it eternal youth, like, do we, do we really think, I,
I had this thought and it's really morbid and it's terrible, but what if it gets hit like
in a car accident and gets killed?
So this exact same thing, she's like, we're so worried that he's going to die in some
ironic day.
All that, you know, like all that effort.
Yeah.
Some like dumb, stupid accident, but it's just like, we need more, we need redundancy.
I mean, more people do in these experiments with anti-aging stuff because, so you want
to clone him is what you're saying.
Maybe or just like, I know there's other studies, other people are going to less drastic extremes.
Uh, just not all our eggs and one Brian Johnson basket, you know, like, cause he's going to
die of something.
Yeah.
If it's not all day, it's just going to be something eventually, right?
I'm sure we've, we'll learn a bunch, even if he dies, but, uh, yeah, he's ready to do
some of this stuff.
I mean, go through that type of lifestyle.
Yeah.
I mean, have you eaten super veggie?
It's not delicious.
What is super veggie?
No.
Uh, it's just like his main, uh, now it's like his breakfast.
What does exactly mean?
Oh, it's just what he named the meal he eats that's like, it's the lentil, the black lentil
based meal.
And that's it.
It's just lentils.
No, no, no.
It's like a bunch of different veggies and stuff.
And sometimes he blends it into like a hummus.
It's like his every breakfast, I think.
So then he has nutty pudding for like his second meal, he has three meals a day.
Yeah.
This is always changing too.
That's the thing about Brian Johnson.
If you follow this stuff, it's like every month, it's a different take on, cause they're
learning stuff.
I mean, they're measuring all those things, right?
Uh, so now that super veggies is first meal and then he has the nutty pudding, which is
delicious.
It's like macadamia nuts.
It's just like tons of nuts and cocoa and she's like a pudding.
It's like a chia pudding.
It's delicious.
Uh, and then the third meal, he has some actual variants.
Like it's not the same meal every day.
So he has some like sweet potato meals and other stuff.
Anyway, super veggie is not great.
I mean, it's a lot of nutrition, just not a super tasty, like can't wait to wake up
and eat my super veggie.
But like, how much does this differ from your diet?
Like what are you eating that he's not?
Uh, what am I eating that he's not?
Uh, so we vary our meals more.
So we don't stick to like, we're not like he talks about every, uh, every calorie has
to fight for its right to be in each of his meals.
We're not that like judicious.
Is that the word?
Is that a word?
Diches means like you're fair or like reasonable.
Oh, no.
We're not that legalistic.
I don't know what's the word.
It's strict.
Strict?
I don't know.
Stick with some words.
Okay.
Here's my thing.
I think we all knew all the words we needed to do by the time we were like 15 years old,
and we don't need to add more words.
Yeah.
And then we just keep trying to, yeah, get smarter.
Did you see that author on Twitter though that took down, uh, somebody that went communist?
What was it?
Did you see this?
What?
Uh, former, former, sorry, very weird sentence, uh, former Twitch CEO.
What's this name?
Yes.
I did see some of this or former interim CEO, that guy, the opening eye, open eye eye, see
what ever his name is.
I can't think of his name.
Edward.
No, I meant something.
I'm sure.
Thank you.
Emmett Sheer.
Basically tweeted.
You didn't see any of this.
I kind of saw it.
Oh, like I'm so glad I get to catch you up.
Yes.
But you kind of saw it.
We'll see.
Uh, maybe, maybe somebody listening didn't see any of it because they're not a degenerate
on Twitter.
Uh, Emmett Sheer tweets, you know, inheritance is like dumb and we should just split it up
between everybody and like, was this an Akita that sort of this?
Oh, I don't know because maybe beer posted something like that where like a hundred percent
tax on death and everyone else.
Yeah.
Because they did in this scenario when Emmett said similar things.
This author though, he wrote like a science fiction novel and I got to get his name.
Who?
Ted Chiang.
Uh, I don't know who that is, I don't think so because that's not familiar.
The author's name is it's going to be worth it.
Just wait.
Devin Erickson.
We'll put that in the show notes.
What did he do?
So he wrote, he's an author, right?
So he's good with words.
He knows lots of big ones and knows when to use them.
And he wrote this amazing, like I think he quote tweeted maybe or screenshot it, Emmett's
tweets and just wrote this amazing like takedown of what's wrong with Emmett's line of thinking
and it dives into so many things that I care about or just like things that really make
me feel good, like when people poke at Silicon Valley elite people and he just like goes,
he just tears it down.
And then Emmett has replies and then he just tears those replies down.
I think tore them down.
I guess someone might be like on the other side of the argument thinking, I don't know.
It's hard for me to imagine that you could argue against Devin's words because they were
so well put and there's a lot of them.
I feel like I might end up on the other side.
Which side?
You think we should tax the inheritance?
Okay.
So my perception of this situation was Nikita Beard tweeted in his usual style, which is
like very extreme and crazy because he's trying to like, yeah, provoke a conversation.
Whole set of people take it way too literally and they're like a hundred percent like that
makes no sense.
Like you can't tax a hundred percent.
Just okay, whatever.
But the point being like the underlying principle is if you are capitalist and you like capitalism,
which I am, I'm like extremely pro-capitalism, you know that about you, yeah, you should
be pro something like this in this direction because inheriting a lot of wealth, that is
kind of what leads to non-capitalist systems where you have like wealth that gets conserved
over years without ever like being redistributed or like reused in useful ways.
Interesting.
And you end up with like a landlord type class that doesn't actually develop anything, but
they can just kind of live comfortably off of wealth that was created, genuinely created
by someone, you know, a long time ago.
Of course, hundred percent doesn't make sense.
I don't know what percent makes sense.
I don't even know if it needs to be a percent, but like fundamentally this is it's like not,
it like breaks capitalism when wealth can accrue.
Capitalism requires like stuff being created, stuff being destroyed when it's bad like reallocating
stuff to more efficient places.
So yeah, they're like, I'm fine with someone becoming a billionaire if they are someone
that like that created the wealth and like figured out how to do that and was a good capital
allocator.
I can trust them with that stuff to continue to do stuff that's productive and efficient
more than the average person.
Their kids.
I don't know.
I don't know if I like feel like their kids I can trust.
Yeah.
I feel like history tells us that it's very hard for that to like repeat across multiple
generations.
I mean, Trump did it.
He took his dad's money and built amazing things, right?
That's true.
He didn't make it bigger.
I mean, it's technically true.
Yeah.
Oh, maybe.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I was thinking of another example.
Oh, Elon Musk and Trump.
They both inherited something, right?
I don't know.
I think Elon Musk one is not really like, I think that's really in here.
Yeah.
His dad was kind of a storyteller, I think.
That's what it seems like.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, like very few generations like grow it, they usually just either depleted or like
just keep it flat.
And that's why like, so Bill Gates does this thing with his, he's the one behind the pledge
or whatever.
So the money he donates.
Wasn't that buffet?
Yeah.
Buff it.
But they when they, when they died, they're going to donate a large percent of their wealth
to these, these foundations, they mandate that it has to be spent within X number of
years.
Oh, interesting.
Because the most.
That's very capitalist.
Yeah.
Because like, realistically, you know exactly what's going to happen.
This foundation is going to do nothing and then just like coast off of like the gains and
like have very little impact and do like, you know, you can see how that, that's kind
of what would happen.
So they wanted to all be spent in 50 years to have like as much impact as possible.
So yeah, I like get where it's all coming from.
I don't know if this guy that replied, if that's what he was cooking at or or I don't
either.
I'm not smart enough that you should read it off.
You should read the tweets because I thought they were very well worded.
None of it matters because no one's inheriting anything when we all live forever.
Who cares?
There's no such things inheritance.
That's true.
That is true.
Thanks, Brandon Johnson.
That's a problem solving that's a whole new problem.
Whole new problem.
So was he saying that and it was being communist by saying this?
Yes.
I know that much.
Yeah.
It's just funny because I think it's the opposite.
I think if you are really dedicated capitalism, you do do this thing that seems like because
it's all redistributing wealth that that seems like a not capitalist thing, but actually
is one of the most capitalist things you can interest me in favor of.
Well, now you've got me all jumbled because I just take the most like whatever the most
coherent argument was that a last heard doesn't have to be the most coherent argument.
Yeah.
If it was coherent at all, then that's the thing I believe.
So now I don't know who to believe because I believe what you just said, but also those
tweets they were so good.
I got a little.
I mean, you're really impressed.
So I mean, I'm really impressed.
I like I followed him.
I might buy his book.
I don't even need fiction.
I'm going to go straight into his kids pockets.
Okay.
Here's another thing.
I don't know if this is how it plays out in other people's families, but I'm not
inheriting anything from my parents because like, I'm going to be pretty old by the time.
Like, I'm not like waiting on a hair and said it's going to land.
I'm like 60 years old, you know, like maybe my grandkids, but like, maybe my parents grandkids
like my kids.
So it's usually going to the grandkids.
And do you really trust someone's grandkids?
You know what I mean?
I think so.
I think I know what you mean, just read the tweets and then come back to me and please
explain to me who's right, because I don't know anymore and I don't want to become something
I shouldn't be.
I don't know.
I'll follow anybody.
Just make a good argument.
I think with all these things, it's like, I think that people that pointed out this problem
in our system where like stuff just a cruise, I think that is a real problem and we need
to be aware of that.
And we need to like deal with it.
It's hard to though.
Like it just feels unfair to say you can't pass stuff down to your kids or you can't even
pass down X percent to your kids.
Yeah.
And that probably creates all kinds of side effects where if you like put in laws to place,
like they might find ways around it and create a worse situation like that.
I don't know.
But it is like a good concept that people should be aware of.
Do you see my eyes glazing over?
This is the point where we have to talk about something else because I have nothing to add.
Because you have no personality.
I have no personality.
I guess we should probably get out here because it is it's over an hour now.
An hour?
We're out of practice.
I think we used to just like stop at an hour and now I can't actually read it.
I don't know what it says, but I know it's been over an hour.
This is 106.
Oh, not bad.
Look at us.
Getting it back.
Hey, we're only like 30 episodes away from 100.
Every single episode, you're very excited to get to 100.
You're a lot more excited to get to 100 than I am.
It's I'm building up this hundred thing.
I'm moving just a social contract, man.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
They're all made up.
Yeah.
It's going to feel like an accomplishment though.
Once we've done 100 episodes, you know what I'm saying?
We should really just do 99 and then stop forever.
Wouldn't that be funny?
No.
That'd be a pretty funny build up.
We know.
We'll think about it.
10,000 episodes.
How about that?
10,000.
I read that you can't you don't get good at podcasting till you put in 10,000 episodes
worth.
No, you didn't read that.
It's true.
Did you really?
No, 10,000.
No, podcasts didn't go that far.
They've done the research.
They've done the and the and the analytics.
You're making this up.
They crunch the numbers.
They put it into a machine learning model and 10,000.
So they're saying no podcasts are good basically.
Why is it run doing this?
Whatever happened to like.
So cereal.
I listened.
Did you listen to cereal?
We talked about those.
I don't like those.
Remember, like I'm not a big fan of crime ones.
You don't like those.
Okay.
Well, I want another one.
People love cereal.
I loved it.
I loved all the seasons of it.
Well, except for the bow, whatever one.
That was stupid.
But I like I want something like that to listen to again.
So you want more crime to happen so that you can enjoy it.
Is it crime?
Am I attracted to the crime?
I don't think so.
What cereal is about crime stuff, right?
It was a crime.
Yeah.
It was like a, uh-huh.
S town, part of the same like production group, the people that made cereal, made S town.
It's like seasoned some.
Not really a crime thing.
It's just like about this guy.
So I think it's just good storytellers.
Someone reply to something, I don't know, send us a message on Twitter or something and
give us some good podcast, uh, like nonfiction recommendations.
I would like a good podcast series to listen to.
I feel there's a lot of what you're looking for.
Oh, do you know some?
Well, not me, I don't really listen to podcasts, but Liz has consumed a lot of stuff.
Okay.
Maybe have listened to me.
Isn't it a lore?
No.
Never heard of it.
Okay.
You might like it.
Like L-O-R-E.
Yeah.
I think it's like, I think they do like, uh, it's not, it's nonfiction.
I think it's like real stuff, but stuff that is almost like mythical or like, oh, common
forklift.
Okay.
Frightening history behind common folklore.
This sounds really good.
Yes, folklore.
That's the word.
That's the word that they use on the website.
Yeah.
Big plus.
We listened to a few of these things when we drive, when we used to drive from Miami,
New York.
So I've sampled a few things.
Nice.
Okay.
I'm going to, I'm going to sample this one as well.
Uh, it was funny, uh, Liz the other night on New Year's.
That was funny.
I saw the next morning.
What's funny about it is I tweeted and then I went to sleep and then five hours later,
she says, go to bed.
I was literally almost done sleeping about like, uh, sleep and then five hours after that,
she's like, sorry, I'm, I was drunk.
Yeah.
I'm drunk.
But what was it a reply to?
It was fine.
I think it was in reply to a very Adam type tweet.
Oh, was it?
I mean, when you're drunk, it was like, it was an Adam type tweet and it was a, I think
it was the one I asked, uh, if I have bruises and black eyes and stuff, well, that detract
from my educational video.
Okay.
Exactly.
Perfect.
I really need to know, because I need to know if I take like a break from Jiu Jitsu to
do a course.
Okay.
I said, no, do it, it'll be fun or like it'll be interesting and some people said yes that
they would be distracted.
I said, don't like, I don't, I don't think, okay, here's, here's how I think about it.
Yeah.
You put in all this work, making this course and you look back on it and like there's like
a flaw on your face, like I know how you are.
I feel like that's going to annoy you.
Right?
Yeah.
Can you see like, can you see my gee burns?
I've got my nose.
It's like all brooms.
I mean, the quality isn't great on Riverside, but I can't see anything.
Oh, probably.
Yeah.
Oh, thanks.
Well, hey, this is about as bad as my faces looked in Jiu Jitsu, like the most I've had
like marks on my face.
So if you can't really tell right now, then I might be in the clear.
I always picturing like a scar, like a black eye.
I've had one black eye.
So that would be a possibility as well.
But I don't know.
I feel like it would just drive you crazy if you just seriously, what are you saying
I should do?
Stop doing Jiu Jitsu or wait to record my course until my face looks better.
I mean, I don't think your face looks weird right now.
I don't know.
Send me a sample.
Send me like a HD sample and I'll give you thumbs over them sound.
Yeah.
And full 4K.
I'll do it.
Yeah.
Open game.
Okay.
Let's get off here.
Thanks, thanks.
I don't even have to pee or anything.
Just we're just going.
We're just leaving.
Did you finish your list of things you need from me?
No, I didn't.
I gave you two.
There was at least three.
Uh, the day they die.
Oh, yes.
Secret Prefecture.
Sometime in 2025 you'll get me that one.
That one.
Yeah.
If you follow up with Frank, just let me know.
Or I could follow up with Frank.
There was a third thing and I can't remember.
I was going to write these down.
It was so important that I almost wrote all of them down.
But I didn't.
It's okay.
All right.
See you next.
See you as miss Frank.
See you.
Bye.